README.md, before:

# Enable Youtube Player Mobile

[AMO Link](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/enable-youtube-player-mobile/)

Adds a site-specific override for Firefox for Android to spoof the Chrome useragent for m.youtube.com. This allows videos to play in the browser instead of playing in the native app.
Site-specific override support was only added in Firefox for Android 22

##Changelog

* 0.4
Fix install.rdf to state that the addon is only compatible with Firefox for Android 22+

	`cfx xpi --force-mobile` defaults to enabling compatability with both Firefox for Desktop and Firefox for Android.
	Fixing this requires manually editing the generated install.rdf

* 0.3
Rename, relicence, and submit to AMO. Update useragent to Chrome 33 and Android 4.4

* 0.2
Update useragent to Chrome 29

* 0.1
Initial release

##License
Enable Youtube Player Mobile is licensed under the MIT License, Copyright (c) 2014 ispedals

##See Also
* [Faster Video Mobile](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/android/addon/faster-video-mobile) ([Github Link](https://github.com/ispedals/Faster-Video-Mobile))

  Use with Enable Youtube Player Mobile to control the speed of videos

Commit message:

Update readme and bump version

README.md, after:

# Enable Youtube Player Mobile

[AMO Link](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/enable-youtube-player-mobile/)

Adds a site-specific override for Firefox for Android to spoof the Chrome useragent for m.youtube.com and enables [MediaSource Extensions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaSource).
This allows videos to play in the browser instead of playing in the native app. Site-specific override support was only added in Firefox for Android 22
and MediaSource Extensions were added in Firefox for Android 25.

##Changelog

* 0.5
Fix for site change

	Update useragent to Chrome 34 and enable mediasource extensions. This increases the minimum version to Firefox for Android 25. 

* 0.4
Fix install.rdf to state that the addon is only compatible with Firefox for Android 22+

	`cfx xpi --force-mobile` defaults to enabling compatability with both Firefox for Desktop and Firefox for Android.
	Fixing this requires manually editing the generated install.rdf

* 0.3
Rename, relicence, and submit to AMO. Update useragent to Chrome 33 and Android 4.4

* 0.2
Update useragent to Chrome 29

* 0.1
Initial release

##License
Enable Youtube Player Mobile is licensed under the MIT License, Copyright (c) 2014 ispedals

##See Also
* [Faster Video Mobile](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/android/addon/faster-video-mobile) ([Github Link](https://github.com/ispedals/Faster-Video-Mobile))

  Use with Enable Youtube Player Mobile to control the speed of videos
